Add blog post about running a workshop at WOSR (#271)
deliveroo/deliveroo.engineering: _posts/2022-12-20-running-a-workshop-at-wosr.md

---
layout: post

> title: Stepping out of my comfort zone to run a workshop at the WOSR conference

Reviewer: is it worth this acronym being expanded here?
```suggestion
title: Stepping out of my comfort zone to run a workshop at the Women of Silicon Roundabout conference
```

authors:
- "Natasha Stokes"
excerpt: >
  How I ran a workshop at the Women of Silicon Roundabout conference and really got out of my comfort zone to do so.

> date: 2022-12-20T14:10:16+0100

Reviewer: We could probably update this now, then merge? 🚀
